1. Pinnacle of Relation - The Quasi Relationship of Homotopy Type Theory Programming Languages
in the Homological Description of Word Processing on Conway Groups, specifically in relation
to the missing Lattice that bounds the translation from Non-Holomorph and Holomorph Equivalence.
In connection to Hyperfinite Equivalence Relation and Finite Equivalence Relation, this is
what would be called the "Automorphic Equivalence Relation", in the field of Mathematics. This
would be bounded by the Universal Enveloping Algebra of Conway Groups, that by which is defined
by the Prufer Groups that defines the Stochastic Mechanics of Constructive Framework of Conway Groups,
which would have been defined by an unrelated Algebra that is related to Universal Enveloping Algebra
called Quasi-Nelson Algebras by Edward Nelson. Having that his research in Stochastic Mechanics
is as incomplete as the research done in the Outer Automorphism Group of Conway Groups, as stated by
 John Conway himself, this creates an opportunity for research. This missing Algebra, Lattice, and
Automorphism Group that would replace the Leech Lattice, Borel Algebra, and Conway Group, this theorem
would have direct implications in Relational Algebra, through what is currently known as
Peircian Relational Surface Theory, as the most advanced research in Database Management. This would
be accomplished through the Logic Of Relations by Charles Sanders Peirce, as this describes the
foundation of triadic relation of what Domain Theory is currently founded upon in our given timeframe.
In fact, Homotopy Type Theory Programming Languages, which are Algebraic Topological-Based Programming
Languages, can be directly benefited from the advanced relations of Conway Group-Based Domain Theory,
let alone an Outer Automorphism Group that automates the continued holomorphic processes of Conway Groups.
This would require, in addition to the missing Lattice, Algebra, and Outer Automorphism Group, a Reciprocal Lattice.


The benefit of this discussion would start the discussion of Unsupervised Dynamic Systems that can operate
on better decision making than any one human interaction at any point in time. This would require the
understanding of how the relationship between Artin-Tits Groups and Garside Groups, foundate the
boundaries between Prufer Groups and Poincare Groups, which would allow the Lattice, Algebra, and
Outer Automorphism Group, to be assessed by the Reciprocal Lattice. I have a deep interest in Poincare Maps,
where Ricci Flows of Poincare Maps hold the Tensor Products of Multi-Dimensional Functions of Hyper-Complex Planes,
also known as the Riemmanian Metrics of Riemannian Manifolds, which are used for Machine Learning. Therefore, I have found that this is a great place to
create the external boundaries of the previous discussion of a missing Lattice and Reciprocal Lattice, Algebra, and Outer Automorphism Group.
Looking at the Hyperplane Matrices and Hyperbolic Matrices of Riemmanian Metrics of Riemannian Manifolds would be a great place to start
in this journey. This would be best started by finding the relationship of Riemmanian Matrices between Fuchsian Groups and Poincare Groups, that would be 
described by the Constructive Parameters of Cartan Matrices in Wigner-Weyl Transformation, that by which describe the Transfinite Inductions of Borel Hierarchy
that describes what I call the Transfinite Induction of Conway Group-Based Hyperholomorphism.

These Matrices would or could be defined by the Universal Enveloping Algebras of Conway Groups, which would allow
Dimensionality Reduction of Cayley Transformations, and therefore the reduction of embedded data in and between Inner Automorphism Groups
and Outer Automorphism Groups that operate on Holomorphic Hierarchy.

Word Processing has direct implications in being applied to Conway Groups, in relation to the Word Processing applied to the Witting Polytope
of all 24 Dimensions, through the relation of Word Processing that is placed on Ricci Flows, where Reimmanian Metrics Exist. Inspiration
can be taken from the De Bruijn Torus, that describes all possible Matrices that are placed on a perfect shape like a Torus, which
I am unaware of whether Henri Poincare created a model of such beyond a Poincare Sphere.


Currently Banach Algebras define the system of Hypercomplex Numbers in Hypercomplex Spaces that would have been defined by Conway Groups. However,
this is not the circumstance because the Banach Algebras do not define the outer boundaries of Hyperbolic Description where Transfinity exists.
Instead, Tessarine Algebras define the outer boundaries of Hyperbolic Description. However, there is no outer Automorphism group of Tessarine Algebras.
Instead, a Split-Complex Conjugate of Split-Complex Numbers, as defined by Tessarine Algebras, defines the Automorphism of a Finite Order of Transitions,
instead of being held by Non-Commutative Relation, as seen as not being directly connected to Banach Algebras in conversation nor application. In other 
words, it has no concept of internal and external construction, and therefore not being an Outer Automorphism Group of Conway Groups. In fact, Tessarine Algebras
are relative to the Mathematical Group, because Tessarine Algebras are the framework of Commutative Hypercomplex Numbers and not Non-Commutative Hypercomplex Numbers.

This would have been addressed by what is known as Ring-Isomorphics of Tessarine Algebras, but this does not address Non-Commmutative nature of Borel Hierarchy. This
addresses the Commutative Nature of Borel Hierarchy. Borel Hierarchy, which defines the stratification of Borel Algebra on Polish Spaces, which is a type of Banach Space.
Therefore, this is similar to the solution we are looking for in regards to Non-Commutativity, but is Commutative and therefore incomplete. It has no relation
to Conway Groups, but if made possible and brought into existence, would provide a very possible path towards the previously stated objectives.

The invertible mapping between the functions of tensor products are founded on Phase Spaces (which are the direct Tensor Product of Ricci Flows between Direct Lattices of
Direct Spaces and the Reciprocal Lattices of Reciprocal Space) of Wigner-Weyl Transformations (which holds Quasi-Wigner Algebras) with its defined by a Moyal Bracket,
but not the Quasi-Nelson Algebras that hold the Heyting Lattice and Coxeter-Todd Lattice relationship that would of bounded the Borel Algebras of Borel Hierarchy in
Conway Groups. For this reason, Wigner-Weyl Transformations, which hold Quasi-Wigner Algebras, describe how an Automorphism Group of Conway Groups can be applied but
does not hold the proper Algebra that would describe the required variables that are requested for creating the Holomorphic Automorphism Group of the Conway Group.
I believe that the Quasi-Wegner Algebras could describe the framework of transitions on Cartan Matrices, but not the topological structure that would operate
on the missing associated Holomorphic Automorphism Group. In other words, Quasi-Wegner Algebras could create the framework to creating that topological structure,
but is not the solution of discussion itself. Therefore, any advancements in my research will require the development of a closed topological model where 
Quasi-Wegner Algebras can be applied to that model, in comparison to the incomplete Quasi-Nelson Algebra that has no core application in Phase Spaces that
describe the cumulative changes of cumulative conclusions of tensor products in Ricci Flows on Poincare Conformal Mappings. In other words, Quasi-Wenger Algebras
have a "soul" and the Quasi-Nelson Algebras do not have a "soul" that can be orchestrated for applications in Homotopy Type Theory Programming Languages.
In fact, Dimensionality Reduction of Cartan Matrices in Cayley Transformations, also known as Cartan Decomposition can only be achieved in the future by this Algebra.
The solution would be to create a Quasi Kac-Moody Algebra, as a Universal Enveloping Algebra of a Moyal Product from the Moyal Bracket of the correlated Phase Spaces,
that is similar to the Quasi-Nelson Algebra but can be applied to the Wigner-Weyl Transformation. 

This is also directly applicable to Polish Spaces or directly to the Banach Spaces that are related to Polish Spaces of Conway Groups. This also opens the opportunity
to relate Edward Nelson's Publications in Statistical Mechanics to the missing Outer Automorphism Group of Conway Groups, due to the relationship of Hypermorphic Functions to the
Phase Spaces of Wigner-Weyl Transformations. This would require a relationship of Riemannian Manifolds that describes all 24 Dimensions of Witting Polytopes on a Leech Lattice of a Conway Group,
and the ability to apply the Heyting Lattice to a Constructive Point-Free Topology, which would be an updated version of Peircian Surface Theory of Topology. In other words, there would be
a required relationship between the Riemannian Manifolds of the Topological Dimensions described by the Hypermorphic Functions of Phase Spaces in the Wigner-Weyl Transformation, that by
which defines the probabilistic constructive parameters of the Cayley Construction of the Cayley Transformation, that by which advances the research of Statistical Mechanics by Edward Nelson.

Therefore, the best description of this matter would be striving to create a transfinite set that exists between the open sets and closed sets of Transfinite Induction of Borel Hierarchy, that by
which would be defined by the Universal Enveloping Algebras that describe the probabilistic constructive parameters of Quasi-Nelson Algebras in Conway Groups. This Transfinite Set would bound
the parameters of Point-Free Topology that would define the Hyperholomorphic Functions of transitions between automorphic groups and cyclic groups in the Conway Group. In other words, there would
have to be a theoretical construct that bound the parameters of Cayley–Dickson Algebras of the Cayley-Dickson Construction, that by which would be based on the Heyting Lattice that is associated
with the Coxeter-Todd Lattice of the Quasi-Nelson Algebras that bound the 24 Dimensional Spaces of the Leech Lattice in the Conway Group. These parameters would bound the closed relation
of Cayley–Dickson Algebras in the Cayley-Dickson Construction, through its Hypercomplex and Hyperbolic Relationship, currently founded as only 10 dimensions and disconnected between Hypercomplex
and Hyperbolic nature, as the relationship between Fuchsian Groups (Hyperbolic, created by Henri Poincare) and Poincare Groups (Hypercomplex, created by Henri Poincare) for the Poincare Model.

The Bravais Lattice only describes the transition of Witting Polytopes on the 3rd Dimension (14 Symmetry Groups of Coxeter Groups), and not all dimensions that are defined by a Leech Lattice. 
This is the equivalent of drawing a 1/8th of a section of a Model and then calling it a Model, where it is not a complete model in that circumstance. A complete model of curvature would be
described as the transitions between Complex Elliptic Curvature (Torus) to the transitions between Complex Ellipse Curvature (Sphere) of a Poincare Model, where Ring-Isomorphics of Tessarine Algebras
play an important role in their relationship to the Sphere-Isomorphics of Banach Algebras in defining the Poincare Model. This relationship could theoretically build
the commutative centered point of relationship of the Topological Model that is required for Cartan Decomposition of Cartan Matrices in Wigner-Weyl Transformations, but this would not define
the Non-Commutative Relationship of Wandering Sets that is defined by the Point-Free Topology that is not only of Intuitionistic (Constructive) Nature, that bounds the parameters of the Wigner-Weyl Transformation.

This would inherently prove not only Godel's Theorem of Incompleteness, flawed, but also makes the Lowenheim-Skolem Theorem, flawed, as Point-Free Topology founds the definition of where
Transfinite Numbers in Transfinite Sets are applied in Point-Free Topology, as a description of Topological Structure that defines all Quasi-Nelson Algebraic Structures. As Quasi-Nelson Algebras
do not define the relationship between a Complete Heyting Lattice (Labeled as De-Morgan Lattice) annd Complete Coxeter-Todd Lattice, this opens the question of how a relationship between closed sets and open sets
can be applied between the Inner Automorphism Group of a Conway Group and the Outer Automorphism Group of a Conway Group. The Sphere-Isomorphics of Banach Spaces, as defining the Poincare Model, could become Sphere-Automorphics,
also known as a closed relationship between Sphere-Automorphics and Ring-Automorphics in the previous discussions, that describe the united Holomorphic Model that defines the constructive boundaries of Conway Groups. Instead of
defining the reality has unable to hold a perfect set that not only can not be automorphic but conclusive of purpose in the field of Mathematics, changing the way we see Duality would be most appropriate at any given point in time
in defining the Logicity of a lack of founded Logicity, which is defining the lack of duality as more related to Duality than Duality, itself. For this reason, Pontrayigin Duality is inherently flawed, because constructive
modeling is best described where duality does not first occur in construct, but end, towards a focal point. The Transfinity Induction of Borel Hierarchy in Conway Groups may very well define the
constructive boundaries between Finite Sets of Finite Coxeter Groups and Infinite Sets of Coxeter Groups. Therefore, this plays an important role in defining the joint Heyting Construct/Coxeter-Todd Construct
of a Leech Lattice through a Poincare Model. It may very well be possible that our definition of Infinity and Finity is simply defined by our shallow understandings of duality, that should of been the conclusion
and not the consideration for Transfinity in defining an Outer Automorphism Group of Conway Groups for a Stochastic Model of Complete Stochastic Distribution in/from a unified Topological Model, that is associated with a Conway Group.
"Universal Constructions" of Universal Enveloping Algebras, by definition, create the reality of requiring a Holomorphism of the Conway Group that is associated with Cyclic Groups in the Conway Group."

Therefore, the steps below are of most importance:

1. Founding a Lattice that is an advancement of the Bravais Lattice, but does not only define the first 10 Dimensions of the Leech lattice but assess all 24 Dimensions.
2. Founding the Reciprocal Lattice of this Missing Lattice (24-Dimensional Discrete Transitional Lattice and therefore addresses Transfinity).
3. These Lattices would therefore define the discrete translation of discrete points in the Hyper-Holomorphism of Point-Free Topology that operates on Cauchy–Riemann Equations for extending Pontryagin Duality,
which would make the discussion of an Outer Automorphism Group of Topological Spaces (Polish Spaces, defined by Borel hierarchy) between the 24 Riemannian Dimensions of Witting Polytopes. In other words,
creating a Transfinite Lattice would define the discrete translation of discrete points in the Hyper-Holomorphism of Point-Free Topology that operates on Cauchy–Riemann Equations for extending Pontryagin Duality,
which would allow the application of Quasi-Nelson Algebras between the Inner Automorphism Group and the Outer Automorphism Group that bounds the Holomorphic-Hyperholomorphic Functions of the Conway Group, creating
the Transfinite Induction Model of Conway-Hyperholomorphism Group. As John Horton Conway stated himself, The Conway Group is missing an Outer Automorphism Group, which is due to the disconnection of Transfinite Induction of Borel Hierarchy between
Hyperfinite Equivalence Relation and Finite Equivalence Relation, which is why there is no extension of Pontryagin Duality that would provide the parameters of the Outer Automorphism Group
of the Conway Group that would of described a closed Constructive Discussion of Point-Free Topology of Cayley Transformations (Direction) and around the Wigner-Weyl Transformation (Position).

This would be founded as the Transitive Induction of Frobenius endomorphism (founded in Frobenius Groups) in Zassenhaus Groups in Conway Groups, which allows Constructive-Stochastic Nature of Quasi-Nelson Algebras to be applied in a closed model. This is 
due to the Transivitive Induction of Holomorphic Functions, that by which are applied to a Ricci Flow, can be founded on the Transitive Induction of boundary-defining dual commutative rings that are bounded to itself in revolving
order, which is where the Poincaré Conjecture would be founded in this Topological Structure. This is founded through the Doubly Transitive Permutation Group of boundary-defining dual Commutative Rings
(by what could be defined as the Ring-Isomorphics of Tessarine Algebras) called the Zassenhaus Group. This would address the stochastically-constructive boundaries of what is currently limited in dimension, the Poincare Model,
as this is addressed by the rotations of dual commutative rings, that do not yet have an associated non-commutative relation. This would therefore provide the opportunity to find this missing Lattice and associated Reciprocal Lattice
through the associated Anti-Endomorphism of the connected Hyperfinite equivalence relation and Finite Equivalence Relation in Orbifold Notation of associated Coxeter Groups on each pairing of commutative rings. This would be an attempt to create a
Transfinite Boundary of Transfinite Hierarchy around and/or upon the Kac-Moody Algebras that define the Cartan Matrices of Cartan Decomposition in the Constructive Endomorphism of Dimensionality Reduction, as a Quasi-Equational Automorphism of Universal Enveloping Algebra.
For the purposes of Homotopy Type Theory Programming Languages, I have a deep interest in how Matrices can be acquired from these translations of Topological Rings, as is the case with a De Bruijn Torus in the purposes of Word Processing on associated Coxeter Groups.

An associated Group of the Zassenhaus Group, is the Sazuki Group, which is the Subgroup of C0 of Conway Groups that would be an exceptional Outer Automorphism Group in founding the Outer Automorphism Group of the Conway Group, but does not hold Stochastic-Constructive Nature. 
Ree Groups (branch of Zassenhaus Groups), defines the Kac-Moody Algebras (Universal Enveloping Algebras) of the Coxeter-Dynkin Diagram and therefore the Coxetrer-Todd Lattice of Quasi-Nelon Algebras, but not the Heyting Lattice, and therefore not being applicable to Quasi-Nelson Algebras,
and therefore not creating a closed Topological Structure around the two types of Transformations. For this reason, creating a relationship between Sazuki Groups and Ree Groups would found the relationship required for creating the necessary parameters.
These parameters would eventually meet in relation to what is known as the Steinberg group, which addresses where all Universal Enveloping Algebra is interconnected in this transition of Borel Hierarchy of Matrices involved in and between the Transitive Induction of Cyclic SubGroups in the Conway Group, let alone
in defining the joint parameters between Cayley Transformations and  Wigner-Weyl Transformations. This is because the Steinberg Group acts on the space of holomorphic functions on the upper half-plane, and can act in direct relation with
what is known as the Frattini subgroup, which is the intersection of all maximal subgroups. Therefore, the Steinberg Group, which is the center between Sazuki Groups and Ree Groups, can be directly correlated to the Frattini Subgroups (which define the Open Sets of Commutative Rings)
that would define the Non-Commutative Counterpart.